.\"	@(#)mrt_semalloc.2	- Pablo Pessolani - 11/07/06
.\"
.TH MRT_SEMALLOC 2 "July 11, 2006"
.UC 5
.SH NAME
mrt_semalloc \- Allocates a RT-semaphore 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ft B
#include <unistd.h>

int mrt_semalloc(\fImrt_semattr_t *sattr\fP)
.ft R
.fi
.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP
.I \sattr
A pointer to a \fImrt_semattr_t\fP data structure with the RT-semaphore attributes. The field of the data structure are:
	\fIvalue\fP: Initial Value for the RT-semaphore
	\fIflags\fP: Status and Policy Flags
	\fIpriority\fP: Ceiling Priority (not used yet)
	\fIname\fP: An identification name for the RT-semaphore

The Real Time Flags \fIflags\fP can be and or of some of the following:
	SEM_PRTYORDER: Priority Order Policy
	SEM_PRTYINHERIT: Priority Inheritance policy
	SEM_MUTEX: Mutual Exclusion (Binary) Semaphore
    
The SEM_PRTYINHERIT flag needs the SEM_PRTYORDER and SEM_MUTEX flags set.
     
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B mrt_semalloc
Allocate a RT-Sempahore to the calling NRT-process.
.PP
This call is restricted to the super-user.
It must be executed by a NRT-process in System Real Time Processing Mode.
.SH "RETURN VALUE
Upon successful completion, if a value grater or equal than 0 is returned, there is the Semaphore ID used in future semaphore operations. Otherwise, a negative value is returned to indicate an error.
.SH ERRORS
.B mrt_semalloc
will fail if one or more of the following are true:
.TP 15
[E_MRT_BADVALUE]
Invalid Initial Value for a MUTEX RT-semaphore
.TP 15
[E_MRT_BADNAME]
The specified name of the RT-semaphore is used by other allocated RT-semaphore. 
.TP 15
[E_MRT_BADPRTY]
Invalid value specified for RT-semaphore ceiling priority. 
.TP 15
[E_MRT_BADFLAGS]
There is an error in the specified RT-semaphore policy flags.
.TP 15
[E_MRT_NOSEM]
There aren't any free RT-Semaphore in the system.
.TP 15
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR mrt_semfree(2).
.SH AUTHOR
Pablo A. Pessolani(ppessolani@hotmail.com)
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
No diagnostics
.SH NOTES
Use at your own risk.
.SH BUGS
A lot.
  