.\"	@(#)mrt_rcv.2	- Pablo Pessolani - 01/11/05
.\"
.TH MRT_RCV 2 "November 01, 2005"
.UC 5
.SH NAME
mrt_rcv \- Gets a message from the RT-process MQ
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ft B
#include <unistd.h>

int mrt_rcv(mrtpid_t \fImrtpid\fP, \fImrt_msg_t \fI*m_ptr\fP,
		 \fIm_hdr_t \fI*hdr_ptr\fP, lcounter_t \fItimeout\fP);
.ft R
.fi
.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP
.I \mrtpid
The RT-PID of the message sender from which the caller wants to receive a message. A special value of MRT_ANYPROC can be specified to receive a message from any source. 
.TP
.I \m_ptr
The caller's buffer for the message payload. 
.TP
.I \\hdr_ptr
The caller’s buffer for the message header.
.TP
.I \timeout
The number of RT-ticks for waiting to receive a message. 
A MRT_NOWAIT value can be specified to return with o without receiving the message. If the message has been received, the function return code is OK else returns E_TRY_AGAIN.
A MRT_FOREVER value can be specified to waits until the message is receive.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B mrt_rcv
Gets a message from the RT-process MQ
.PP
It must be executed by a RT-process.
.SH "RETURN VALUE
Upon successful completion, a value of 0 (OK) is returned.  Otherwise,
a negative value is returned to indicate an error.
.SH ERRORS
.B mrt_rcv
will fail if one or more of the following are true:
.TP 15
[E_MRT_NORTMODE]
The system is in Non Real Time processing Mode
.TP 15
[E_MRT_BADPTYPE]
The Source process is not a RT-process
[E_TRY_AGAIN]
The process has specified a MRT_NOWAIT timeout and the MQ is empty or there are not any message from the specified source.
[MRT_NOVTIMER]
The process has specified a timeout to wait for a message but there are not any Virtual Timer to allocate.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR mrt_rqst(2).
.BR mrt_rply(2).
.SH AUTHOR
Pablo A. Pessolani(ppessolani@hotmail.com)
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
No diagnostics
.SH NOTES
Use at your own risk.
.SH BUGS
A lot.
  