.\"	@(#)mrt_rqrcv.2	- Pablo Pessolani - 01/11/05
.\"
.TH MRT_RQRCV 2 "November 01, 2005"
.UC 5
.SH NAME
mrt_rqrc \- sends a synchronous request message and waits to receive the reply 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ft B
#include <unistd.h>

int mrt_rqrcv(mrtpid_t \fImrtpid\fP, mrt_msg_t \fI*rqst_ptr\fP
		,mrt_msg_t \fI*rply_ptr\fP,  mrt_hdr_t \fI*hdr_rply\fP
		,lcounter_t \fItimeout\fP);
.ft R
.fi
.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP
.I \mrtpid
The RT-PID of the destination RT-process 
.TP
.I \rqst_ptr
A pointer to the request message buffer 
.TP
.I \rply_ptr
A pointer to the reply  message buffer
.TP
.I hdr_rply
A pointer to the reply message header buffer
.TP
.I \timeout
The number of RT-ticks for waiting to send de request and receive the reply. 
A MRT_NOWAIT value can be specified to return without waiting if the destination process is not waiting for this message.
A MRT_FOREVER value can be specified to wait until the destination process receive the message.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B mrt_rqrply
sends a request message to a process through a message queue in a synchronous manner and waits for the reply with or without specifying a timeout.
.PP
It must be executed by a RT-process.
.SH "RETURN VALUE
Upon successful completion, a value of 0 (OK) is returned.  Otherwise,
a negative value is returned to indicate an error.
.SH ERRORS
.B mrt_rqst
will fail if one or more of the following are true:
.TP 15
[E_MRT_NORTMODE]
The system is in Non Real Time processing Mode
.TP 15
[E_MRT_BADPROC]
The process PID does not much with the process number use by the kernel
.TP 15
[E_MRT_BADPTYPE]
The Destination/Source process is not a RT-process
.TP 15
[E_BAD_DEST]
The Destination/Source process is does not exist
.TP 15
[E_TRY_AGAIN]
The Destination/Source process message queue is full
.TP 15
[E_MRT_NOMQENT]
The system message queue entry free pool is empty
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR mrt_rqst(2).
.BR mrt_rcv(2).
.SH AUTHOR
Pablo A. Pessolani(ppessolani@hotmail.com)
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
No diagnostics
.SH NOTES
Use at your own risk.
.SH BUGS
A lot.
  