.\"	@(#)mrt_getistat.2	- Pablo Pessolani - 01/11/05
.\"
.TH MRT_GETISTAT 2 "November 01, 2005"
.UC 5
.SH NAME
mrt_getistat \- Gets the RT-processing Statistics of an IRQ descriptor.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ft B
#include <unistd.h>

int  mrt_getistat(\fIint irq, mrt_irqstat_t *stat\fP)
.ft R
.fi
.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP
.I \irq
The IRQ number
.TP
.I \sstat
An IRQ statistics descriptor with the RT-processing statistics of the specified IRQ 
descriptor will be filled by the system.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B mrt_getistat
Gets the RT-processing Statistics of an IRQ descriptor.
On successful return of the system call, the following \fImrt_irqstat_t\fP
fields will be filled by the system:
  \fIcount\fP:  An interrupt counter.
  \fImaxshower\fP:  The maximun number of interrupts into a period of Timer Driven handler.
  \fImdl\fP:  The number of Missed DeadLines of the handler.
  \fItimestamp\fP: The last interrupt timestamp.
  \fImaxlat\fP: The maximun (approximate) latency of the handler.
.PP
This call is restricted to the super-user.
It must be executed by a NRT-process.
.SH "RETURN VALUE
Upon successful completion, a value of 0 (OK) is returned.  Otherwise,
a negative value is returned to indicate an error.
.SH ERRORS
.B mrt_getistat
will fail if one or more of the following are true:
.TP 15
[EINVAL]
Invalid \fImrt_irqstat_t\fP pointer
.TP 15
[E_MRT_BADIRQ]
Invalid specified \fIirq\fP number
.TP 15
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR mrt_getiattr(2).
.SH AUTHOR
Pablo A. Pessolani(ppessolani@hotmail.com)
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
No diagnostics
.SH NOTES
Use at your own risk.
.SH BUGS
A lot.
  