.\"	@(#)mrt_setpattr.2	- Pablo Pessolani - 01/11/05
.\"
.TH MRT_SETPATTR 2 "November 01, 2005"
.UC 5
.SH NAME
mrt_setpattr \- Sets the RT-processing attributtes of the calling NRT-Process
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ft B
#include <unistd.h>

int mrt_setpattr(\fImrt_pattr_t *p_attrib\fP)
.ft R
.fi
.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP
.I \p_attrib
A pointer to a \fImrt_pattr_t\fP data structure with the RT-processing attributes of the calling NRT-process. The field of the data structure are:
	\fIflags\fP: Real Time Flags
	\fIbaseprty\fP: Real Time Base priority
	\fIperiod\fP: period in RT-ticks for Periodic Processes
	\fIlimit\fP: maximun number of process schedulings
	\fIdeadline\fP: process deadline
	\fIwatchdog\fP: Watchdog process	
	\fImq_size\fP: Message Queue Size
	\fImq_flags\fP: Message Queue Policy Flags

The Real Time Flags \fIflags\fP can be an OR of the following flags:
	MRT_P_REALTIME: to set the process as Real-Time
	MRT_P_PERIODIC: to set the process as Real-Time Periodic

The Message Queue Policy Flags \fImq_flags\fP can be an OR of the following flags:
	MRT_PRTYORDER: Priority Order Policy (otherwise FIFO policy) 
	MRT_PRTYINHERIT: Priority Inheritance policy 
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B mrt_setpattr
Sets the RT-Processing Attributes of the calling NRT-process
.PP
This call is restricted to the super-user.
It must be executed by a NRT-process in System Real Time Processing Mode.
.SH "RETURN VALUE
Upon successful completion, a value of 0 (OK) is returned.  Otherwise,
a negative value is returned to indicate an error.
.SH ERRORS
.B mrt_setpattr
will fail if one or more of the following are true:
.TP 15
[EINVAL]
Invalid \fImrt_pattr_t\fP pointer
.TP 15
[E_MRT_BADPTYPE]
Invalid value specified for process type 
in \fIP_attrib->ptype\fP 
.TP 15
[E_MRT_BADPRTY]
Invalid value specified for process priority 
in \fIP_attrib->priority\fP 
.TP 15
[E_MRT_BADWDOG]
Non existing or NRT-watchdog process specified 
in \fIP_attrib->watchdog\fP 
.TP 15
[E_MRT_NOMSGQ]
The system cannot assign a Message Queue of the 
specified size in\fIP_attrib->mq_size\fP
.TP 15
[E_MRT_NOVTIMER]
The system cannot assign a Virtual Timer for a Periodic RT-process
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR mrt_getpattr(2).
.SH AUTHOR
Pablo A. Pessolani(ppessolani@hotmail.com)
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
No diagnostics
.SH NOTES
Use at your own risk.
.SH BUGS
A lot.
  