.\"	@(#)mrt_setiattr.2	- Pablo Pessolani - 01/11/05
.\"
.TH MRT_SETIATTR 2 "November 01, 2005"
.UC 5
.SH NAME
mrt_setiattr \- Sets the RT-processing Attributes of an IRQ descriptor.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ft B
#include <unistd.h>

int  mrt_setiattr(\fIint irq, mrt_irqattr_t *attr\fP)
.ft R
.fi
.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP
.I \irq
The IRQ number
.TP
.I \attr
An IRQ Attributes descriptor with the RT-processing Attributes for the IRQ.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B mrt_setiattr
Sets the RT-processing Attributes of an IRQ descriptor.
The \fImrt_irqattr_t\fP data structure has the following fields 
that must be filled:
  \fIperiod\fP:  The processing period for a TD- interrupt handler in RT-ticks units.
  \fItask\fP: The ID number of the RT-task to send a message for deferred processing.
  \fIwatchdog\fP: The ID number of a watchdog RT-process.
  \fIpriority\fP: The priority of the handler
  \fIirqtype\fP: The type of handler. It must an OR of the following bits:
	\fIMRT_RTIRQ\fP: for Real-Time handlers (Otherwise it will be NRT-handler).
	\fIMRT_TDIRQ\fP: for Timer-Driven handlers (Otherwise it will be Event Driven-IRQ handler).
	\fIMRT_SOFTIRQ\fP: for Software IRQ handlers (Otherwise it will be a Hardware IRQ handler).
  \fIname\fP: A reference name for the handler.
.PP
This call is restricted to the super-user.
It must be executed by a NRT-process.
.SH "RETURN VALUE
Upon successful completion, a value of 0 (OK) is returned.  Otherwise,
a negative value is returned to indicate an error.
.SH ERRORS
.B mrt_setiattr
will fail if one or more of the following are true:
.TP 15
[EINVAL]
Invalid \fImrt_irqattr_t\fP pointer
.TP 15
[E_MRT_BADIRQ]
Invalid value specified for irq number in \fIirq\fP 
in \fIattr\fP 
.TP 15
[E_MRT_BADTASK]
Invalid value specified for the TASK number 
in \fIattr->task\fP 
.TP 15
[E_MRT_BADWDOG]
Invalid value specified for the watchdog PID 
in \fIattr->watchdog\fP 
.TP 15
[E_MRT_BADPRTY]
Invalid value specified for the IRQ descriptor priority 
in \fIattr->priority\fP
.TP 15
[E_MRT_BADIRQT]
Invalid value specified for the IRQ type 
in \fIattr->irqtype\fP
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR mrt_getiattr(2).
.SH AUTHOR
Pablo A. Pessolani(ppessolani@hotmail.com)
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
No diagnostics
.SH NOTES
Use at your own risk.
.SH BUGS
A lot.
  