.\"	@(#)mrt_getiint.2	- Pablo Pessolani - 01/11/05
.\"
.TH MRT_GETIINT 2 "November 01, 2005"
.UC 5
.SH NAME
mrt_getiint \- Gets the values of a IRQ descriptor internal fields
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ft B
#include <unistd.h>

int  mrt_getiint(\fIint irq, mrt_irq_int_t *stat\fP)
.ft R
.fi
.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP
.I \irq
The IRQ number
.TP
.I \iint
An IRQ internal fields descriptor with the RT-processing internal fields values
of the specified IRQ descriptor will be filled by the system.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B mrt_getiint
Gets the values of a IRQ descriptor internal fields.
On successful return of the system call, the following \fImrt_irq_int_t\fP
fields will be filled by the system:
  \fIirq\fP:  The number of the irq.
  \fIHarmonic\fP:  The value of the \fIRT_sv.Harmonic\fP system value when the systems 
change to Real Time mode. (only for Real Time Timer Driven descriptors)
  \fIvimer\fP:  The number of the Virtual Timer used for Real Time Timer Driven descriptors
  \fIflags\fP:  Some status flags
.PP
This call is restricted to the super-user.
It must be executed by a NRT-process.
.SH "RETURN VALUE
Upon successful completion, a value of 0 (OK) is returned.  Otherwise,
a negative value is returned to indicate an error.
.SH ERRORS
.B mrt_getiint
will fail if one or more of the following are true:
.TP 15
[EINVAL]
Invalid \fImrt_irq_int_t\fP pointer
.TP 15
[E_MRT_BADIRQ]
Invalid value specified for irq number 
in \fIirq\fP 
.TP 15
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR mrt_getiarg(2).
.SH AUTHOR
Pablo A. Pessolani(ppessolani@hotmail.com)
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
No diagnostics
.SH NOTES
Use at your own risk.
.SH BUGS
A lot.
  